                   dyersWeb Utility Library: dutil

Author: Curtis Dyer
Email: dyer85 [at] gmail [dot] com
License: LGPL
Version: pre-alpha

PURPOSE OF THE LIBRARY

    The purpose of this library is to provide some general purpose,
    common utilities that come in handy when writing C programs.
    Generally, the library handles some extended string formatting,
    number conversions, and I/O.

    Note an official release is still quite a way's off.

PORTABILITY

    Since the library is built on ANSI C, it should be able to compile
    nearly anywhere there's a C implementation to be found.

INSTALLATION

    This library can be built using the makefile in the root
    directory. The other makefiles will build things like test drivers
    or the man pages, which contain all the documentation on the
    functions.

    I haven't set up a configure script, so you'd need to adjust
    installation paths by hand in each makefile.

    Once the makefiles are set up how you like, simply run

        $ make
        $ make install
        $ make clean

    The `make' command compiles

    This process works fine in Cygwin, and should also work fine if
    you have a copy of `GNU make'. Making this library more
    installation friendly for more platforms is, for now, on my TODO
    stack.

DOCUMENTATION

    As mentioned above, the documentation is currently contained
    within the man pages in the $root/man directory. The makefile
    contained within that directory will use `groff' to produce man
    pages. You can edit the makefile to produce the documentation
    differently, if you like.

    Making the docs more readily available, say online, is buried
    somewhere in my TODO stack (rest assured, not too deep).

WHY THE ASM?

    The `bitcount.asm' file is an artifact of my messing around. I'm
    aware seriously using it is premature optimization.

QUESTIONS?

    If you have any questions, criticisms, complaints, feel free to email
    me or contact me through github.

